>> Bianca Gandolfo: So how does our
makeChange brute force solution change?
[LAUGH] How does it change,
how does it make change?
The only difference really is that
you're just caching it, right?
So this here, this should also be
a red flag, we talked about this,
this is global cache,
we don't really want that.
But to focus on the makeChange
algorithm specifically, and
not wasting a lot of time talking
about memoization techniques that we
mentioned earlier on how
to make this better.
The only change here is that we're gonna
see, if it's already cached, we return it.
So what this does is,
as you're making these recursive calls,
you're gonna short-circuit it each time.
And then, what else, yeah,
that's pretty much it,
yeah, you just need to make sure
that you cache it every time.
So there's two main differences there.
And then of course,
you can more responsibly memoize
this as well by just passing
it to your memoize function.
Or even just adding your cache
inside of your makeChange and
returning a function like we did before.
And passing in the coins, so
that you're not relying
on this exterior data.
You don't wanna hard-code it, you wanna
just pass it in as arguments, it's better.